Considering how conservative Nebraska is this is likely pretty good news right?
Just wait for Trump endorsed candidates to lose in general election. It will be delicious.
Can't wait to see whether or not they deny the results of these primaries
Trump collecting L’s again
ooops, bunch of dumb shit trumputins
Moderator to Republican candidate number 1, "What is your campaign slogan?"  Candidate number 1, "I love Donald Trump."  Moderator, "Republican candidate number 2, what is your campaign slogan?  Republican #2, "I adore Donald Trump."  Moderator, "Republican candidate number 3, what is your campaign slogan?"  Candidate #3, "I love Donald Trump more than candidate number 1 or 2."  Moderator, Republican candidate number 4, what is your campaign slogan?"  Candidate #4, "Those other candidates are all RINOs.  Only I truly love Donald Trump...."
I’m just here to say trump is a moron.
A start in the right  direction
Didn’t I see a post in another sub that said Trumps influence on the party was still strong because ONE candidate finally broke through?
The guy was a self described pervert.
If we want it we are going to have to work for it.  It could be done by state to state agreement and constitutional amendment.  It is possible but it requires work.
Whoa whoa whoa, but have they considered the wisdom of using a system concocted over 200 years ago to placate slave owning assholes?  After all, how fair would it be if every 1 person's 1 vote actually mattered in an election? I mean, if this was the way of things, those empty parts of the country would not have a vote. Has anyone every thought about that? Did you really want to disenfranchise empty pieces of land?
There have been five presidents who won the electoral vote, but not the popular vote — John Quincy Adams, Rutherford B. Hayes, Benjamin Harrison, George W. Bush and Donald Trump.
Too bad our system prevents a popular vote from being able to change that.
Not going to happen. It would require rewriting or amending the Constitution. And to do so you would need the small population states to agree to it. This will never happen.
Absolutely.  Time to do away with an archaic and unnecessary loophole called the electoral college
I live in Iowa and would love this. &amp; dump the electorals in the nomination process too. Way too much money is spent wooing our dumb white farmers for the caucus.
[removed]
It’s interesting because here in the UK we used that “1 person 1 vote all equal” system to decide the issue of Brexit and some groups have spent the past 6 years moaning that because “they” didn’t get the result they wanted the outcome should not apply. The most extreme responses were those arguing that some groups should have the right to vote withdrawn because theirs mattered less than others.
Most Americans vote for a Democrat. Of course Republicans won’t like this
Haven't they met all the qualifications to be designated as a hate group and a traitorous organization at this point?
They are on the wrong side of every issue and have been as long as I have been alive. The Dems have been wrong at times but they change. Republicans stay broken.
Scream it from the roof tops, RANKED CHOICE VOTING!
They say the same thing about us.. How about we work on rational comprise and education rather then abolition. After all if you abolish the Republican party where do you think they'll all go ..further right proably
Yay! One party system!
I'm not sure a government being able to abolish a political party is a road we want to go down. But I wouldn't mind at all if the R party ended up split/collapsing on itself.
The Whig party disappeared so can they.
Ask the average person in Texas who doesn't live in Austin what they think of Democrats. I'm sure they'd say the same thing about Democrats.
Yes we need to get rid of Republicans and we need to stop corporate lobbying as well.
This is confrontational politics and accomplishes nothing but to divide us futher
Trump’s already losing support and DeSantis smells blood. Best we focus on compelling messaging + offering the country a dynamic &amp; irresistible ticket in 2024.
Sue where?  Know where this will wind up?  Guess how that court will rule.
No. Let republicans have their own civil war.
Until he is convicted of an insurrection, then he is free to run if he wants. Focus on bringing up criminal charges and convicting him of that. Everything else is flash for liberals.
I disagree.  The DOJ should be charging him with multiple crimes.  And if they stupidly don't, let him run.  I'd hope that people would be at least smart enough to not vote him in again, as they didn't in 2020.  He lost the popular vote in 2016 as well.  We've seen that nearly half the country is ignorant.  But a little more than half of the country isn't.  If jackass Trump is preventing from running by a Dem action like that one then GOP voters will just nominate some other jackass like DeSantis, who people may stupidly vote for to "give him a chance" at running things.  Remember all the people who voted for Chump because "he's a businessman who will run the country like a business".  They forgot or overlooked that he had failed numerous times in business ventures.
I am WAY more worried about Desatan at this point tbh.
Hasn’t worked for any other candidate that it’s been brought against. Won’t work again him. Focus on realistic goals. Suing someone under a very old law just doesn’t really work these days.
I mean I hope that we as a nation have realized not to elect such an idiot anymore, especially so after the insurrection. So I don’t think trump has any chance of winning the presidency in 2024 (maybe the GOP nomination, but not presidency).That being said, since he probably won’t win, if he and desantis, who’s gaining a ton of popularity, both run for the GOP nomination, they could end up splitting the vote in November for whoever wins the nomination, because if trump looses the nomination, we all know he’s never getting over it.
Trump should form his own political party and run for office again. He won't be getting Democrat votes.
Let him run. we need the other gop candidates to denounce him. Otherwise they get a free pass.
Where were you when impeached former President Trump's behavior was destroying our country? Hiding like the senators were when he was being impeached.&gt;Former Attorney General Bill Barr is unsparing in his criticism of former President Donald Trump, according to an early preview of his forthcoming tell all.Impeached former President Trump talks about himself in the third person? That's never good.&gt;"This is killing me — killing me. This is pulling the rug right out from under me,” Trump screamed at Barr, according to the book. The former president added, “You must hate Trump. You would only do this if you hate Trump.”So you, like Senator McConnell, admit he caused the insurrection? And both of you did nothing?&gt;“The absurd lengths to which he took his ‘stolen election’ claim led to the rioting on Capitol Hill".You both put the needs of the Republican Party above the needs of America and the US Constitution.Shameful.Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell Speaks of Former President Trump's Guilt [here](https://youtu.be/yxRMoqNnfvw).
So sick of these Fucktards enabling Trump then coming out with “tell-alls” after the fact.   Why didn’t you “tell all” when you were in a position to do something?  Why cover up for this fucker if you knew what a POS he was/is?????
One of the most chilling moments of the frump presidency was Bill Barr telling CBS “history is written by the victors.”His time for integrity and honor has passed. Fuck this shitweasel.
Prediction: what’s contained in this news article likely comprises 100% of what’s important from this book. Bill Barr is a corrupt asshole.
Too late, crawl back under your rock, Bill.
These fascist are ALL to blame for their failed coupe to overtake our country! I have zero respect for any Christian Conservative Bible kissing Republican who sided with Bunker Bitch!
[removed]
I did my time willingly serving  a man baby monster, but now I want to have a good reputation again.  Fuck you Burr.
Whole lot of tell all's spilling everything after the fact, but nobody was willing to say shit at the time. Bunch of spineless fucks.
Bill Bar should be in prison for holding onto information about Trump's illegal activities so he can pad out his book deals
The thought exercise of this absurd womans position is very simple. There are religions in the world that absolutely forbid women to show their faces in public and to have dominion over men. So is Kim Davis willing to cover her face and lower her eyes when one of those men who fervently believe those religious principles walks in?Of course not. And that proves this is not about religious freedom: it is about Christian privilege.
This shit took seven years? Sheesh. I can't say it enough: If your religion prevents you from doing *any* aspect of your job, find another line of work.
Justice delayed.. our system really sucks
I was *just* thinking about her the other day (briefly) and wondered if she had died and gone to Hell yet. So glad I didn't waste any of my time Googling the answer....and thank you for the update!
Is she still around??
There are, unfortunately, many far-right evangelical zealots who strangely view her as a genuine God-fearin' hillbilly heroette while hypocritically completely ignoring that she is *everything* a "Christian" would never want to be.
I thought that state resolved this by removing any signatures from the license.
This hateful religious zealot is exactly why there's a separation of church and state
Does she still wear those romper dresses and have long hair like Cousin It?
No shit!  We all knew that from the very first news story years ago!  Why does justice take so damb long?
Next thing you know, they’re gonna try to cancel Reading Rainbow for being too ‘woke’ and pro LGBTQ
Good .    Book bans are bull shit
I mean, conservatives in general have been against this whole 'teach people to read' business for a while. They only need you to know what the letter R is so you know which box to check when you vote.
They ARE bullshit.  Thank you LeVar !!
Conservatives criticizing anyone is laughable. You don’t criticize Levar Burton!
Only one book should be banned.The bible.
Good for him. Makes me like him even more, if possible.
Book bans are the realm of the most insidious of men &amp; women, and the ecstasy of fascists. Those who seek to ban books have only hatred in their shriveled, blackened hearts, nothing but contemptuous revulsion in their seething, malformed souls, and gleeful thoughts of genocide on their twisted, rotting minds.
Conservatives need to remember that it's goes against the First Amendment to ban books what are we Nazi Germany where they took the extra step and burned them
The fact we're still having this conversation in 2022 shows you just how much conservatives hold back society.
That poor stenographer
Nothing will actually happen?
He won't be deposed. He'll refuse to go and nothing will happen. On the offhand chance he is deposed every response will be either "I don't recall" or "My attorney has advised me to not answer that question". This is a nothingburger.
I don't believe he has remotely exhausted his never-ending legal challenges to everything
Yeah, he’s not going to even show up because he shouted “executive privilege!”
“  to determine if he is responsible for his employees’ conduct.” If he was on the clock working of course Trump is responsible ie: as an employee of the Trump organization, the company I worked for an employee got into a fight with a customer and broke his nose, guess what the company was held responsible, now can they mail Trump personally on this, no that’s pretty weak but they can hold his organization responsible IMO.
Wouldn't be surprised if he ends up with charges of perjury for lying under oath.
Absolutely nothing.
[removed]
LIES upon LIES, upon LIES, upon LIES, and more LIES!
While I agree with him generally, the transition to a cult has many leaders including Simpson. I attribute Nixon's southern strategy, Reagan, and Gingrich.
But said it only in a book - to make money. Didn’t have the courage to say it during trumps presidency. Republicans at their best.
It's the congregation's responsibility to keep their minister in check.
Amazing how many Republicans are willing to be forthcoming about the damage their party has caused after they have removed themselves from being able to do anything about it.Sorry, God won't forget.  You will burn in hell.
Didn't say shit until he started trying to drum up book sales. Fuck off, or to paraphrase:"Senator, I knew Hemingway. I drank with Hemingway. You sir, are no Ernest Hemingway."
Trump was the cult leader they were looking for.
Oh sweetie it started with Reagan.
[deleted]
Oh fuck off. You all encouraged the Tea Party.
Gingrich and McConnell did just as much harm and maybe more.
He shouldn't.  I would be more surprised if Trump didn't support Putin.
 I don't see why he would be in disbelief when 8 GOP Senators took a trip to the Kremlin on the 4th of July of all days in 2018 and couldn't even bother with getting their stories straight as to what they discussed. [https://www.thedailybeast.com/gop-senators-tell-contradictory-stories-about-moscow-trip](https://www.thedailybeast.com/gop-senators-tell-contradictory-stories-about-moscow-trip)
Trump withheld congressionally approved aid to Ukraine a couple of years back. Trump has a huge part to play in Ukraine's struggles with outdated equipment right now.Let me reiterate what I said. Congress approved military aid to Ukraine. Trump [withheld](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/01/16/trump-administration-broke-law-in-withholding-ukraine-aid.html) money that was approved by Congress to go to Ukraine. This was the very reason for his [first impeachment](https://www.politico.com/news/2022/02/24/ukraine-trump-impeachment-00011406).I wouldn't be surprised in the least if all of this was a coordinated effort between Trump and Putin that's been years in the making. And now we have GOP members coordinating with Trump and Putin to push out pro-Russian sentiment in a time of war. I'm more shocked that the White House isn't openly talking about this, or that most news outlets aren't covering it at all. This deserves to be shared, discussed, and brought attention to.
   I think the main reason Putin is at war is because his boy Donny can't work from the inside anymore.
What I've seen out of the GOP about Ukraine is mostly criticisms of Biden's actions, but with no notions of a better strategy.  Politicians are, so often, low-life, self-serving opportunists.  "How can I use this?"We have a system where it's near impossible for our leaders to actually lead us, because we are easily led by our noses, there are so many avenues to do that, and so many people willing to benefit themselves doing just that.  It might have been Churchill who said that democracy is a terrible form of government, but that all the others are worse.
Isn't there a story about native Americans not being able to see the large wooden ships of the Europeans because they simply couldn't believe something like that could exist?
Oh, they got their noses right up in there.
I’ve lived in a constant state of disbelief for years now.  And I don’t believe for one second this is going to make any difference to his supporters.
\- Trump told the "Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show" on Tuesday that Putin's justification for invading Ukraine was "savvy" and "genius."It seems to me Putin was very savvy and smart to start the invasion with a minor incursion and I am no member of the GOP.
How odd, it's no shock to anyone else....
