That’s the funniest sanction I’ve ever seen
The sanctions are getting fucking brutal
I'm sorry I know the situation is serious but this is really funny.
Thats one Horcrux down
Diner Club card revoked!AAA road side NYET!Jiffy Lube loyalty card GONE!
I fully support moves that are this level of petty
Now he doesn't know how to fight! Ah! Fucking scrub
And his mom isn’t taking him to KFC on the way home either!!
I can’t imagine a more humiliating punishment than being demoted to being outranked by Steven Seagal.
Oh god what if this is what breaks the camels back
Taking pleasure in another person's death is a violation of our rules.
She reigned for 30% of the existence of the United states. Mental.
It is so weird hearing the BBC reporters talking about the king and queen consort. It's so odd hearing the word king in reference to england
Queen's first PM was Churchill, who was born 1874Queen's last PM, Truss, born 1975
And just like that, most of us will never see a Queen of the United Kingdom again.
Isn’t it wild, you think about how radical it was that her coronation was televised…..and her death announced via Twitter.
"Her reign spanned 15 prime ministers starting with Winston Churchill, born in 1874, and including Liz Truss, born 101 years later in 1975, and appointed by the Queen earlier this week.".   Wow. What an era she lived. May she rest in peace.
&gt;The Queen died peacefully at Balmoral this afternoon.&gt;The King and The Queen Consort will remain at Balmoral this evening and will return to London tomorrow.https://twitter.com/RoyalFamily/status/1567928275913121792
I am sitting in hospice, by my own grandmother’s deathbed. Grandma was born in 1928, and has known the Queen her entire life, through Depressions and Wars. At 94, she can hardly hear or talk. I told her “Grandma, you outlived the Queen!” And she smiled.  It’s been hard for her to accept death, but maybe now that the Queen, her Queen, is on the other side, Grandma is ready too. I’ll stay here until she’s ready too.   Edit:  I held her hand as she passed in her sleep.  Thank you for your kind messages and for sharing your own stories of your elders.
Feels unreal. Was beginning to think she was going to live forever.
Users often report submissions from this site and ask us to ban it for sensationalized articles. At /r/worldnews, we oppose blanket banning any news source. Readers have a responsibility to be skeptical, check sources, and comment on any flaws.You can help improve this thread by linking to media that verifies or questions this article's claims. Your link could help readers better understand this issue. If you do find evidence that this article or its title are false or misleading, contact the moderators who will review it*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/worldnews) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Dear Ukrainians!I heard on social media that there is fake news being spread (most likely by Russia backed trolls) that polish border is closed.It's a lie.If you seek asylum - go towards polish border. We are ready for your arrival. We have reception points ready at the border where you can find shelter, food, medical and legal aid.Polish government launched a dedicated site to help you: ua.gov.plPlease share this information if you know anyone seeking help right now.EDIT: YOU DON'T NEED VISA TO PASS THROUGH POLISH BORDER. ALL YOU NEED IS PASSPORT. VISAS ARE SUSPENDED! YOU DON'T NEED THEM FOR TIME BEING!!!!!!EDIT2: as a proof that you no longer need visa:•	⁠in Ukrainian https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina---ua•	⁠in English https://www.gov.pl/web/udsc/ukraina-en
All the gulag jokes aside, this is what we need right now. Russians who will be heard, taking a stance against Putin. Putins propaganda needs to be stopped and interfered.
These guys have balls, willing to risk their lives to stand up to one of the cruelest leaders in the world.
My biggest wish is that this invasion backfires spectaculary and leads to Putin's downfall, not that I'm stupid enough to think it'll actually happen though
These people are our biggest hope right now. To be more precise, a unified large-scale opposition in Russia would be the only proper way for this madness to stop, so let’s hope the Russian people see through Putin‘s bullshit nationalist agenda.
I can’t keep silent, but I don’t know English well and I write through Google translator. I am from Russia, but I have Ukrainian roots. I am terrified. Russia has long been in the ass, everything is becoming more expensive. Now it will get even worse. People think about their survival and do not want to become cannon fodder. Rallies are not coordinated, those who go to rallies are imprisoned. The security forces are on Putin's side. If earlier I went to a rally, then later, after the birth of a child, I will not go. If they put me in jail, who will take care of him? Matvienko calls those who are against the war terrorists. Now this is their favorite article, Navalny and his associates have already been branded terrorists. U. P. D. sorry, Matvienko called not terrorists, but those who think only about their own needs. For some reason, there were terrorists in my head.
Relevant part:&gt;More than 145 Russian municipal officials have signed an open letter condemning Vladimir Putin's 'personal' invasion of Ukraine, describing it as 'an unprecedented atrocity for which there is no and cannot be justification'*Municipal* officials. 150 out of, I imagine, a lot more.
I hope Russia loses and Russians wins
These people are BRAVE.  Thank you for doing what is right!
Give this man everything.
Zelensky is a real ride or die motherfucker.
This is not brave....this is something else.Not many politicians would choose to stay and fight when a superior army is gaining towards their  position and they are the number 1 target of said army.He was going to go down in history as the comedian who became a president. Now whether he makes it or not, he will go down as a president that looked death in the eye and did not flinch.
That's a wartime one-liner right up there with Jean Danjou's "We have munitions. We will not surrender."
I'm so moved by this man's dedication to his country and his people. What a fucking hero. I know it's unlikely, but please, please let him make it out of this alive.
A fucking legend is being born before our eyes.
“I need anti-tank ammo, not a ride.” And “Russian warship, go fuck yourself.” Will go down in history
I think he knows that even if he is killed, he will create a huge problem for Russia. He will be seen as a martyr and inspire resistance for years to come even if Russia succeeds. I think this makes Putin nervous. I think he calculated Zelensky would flee and Ukrainians would become deflated. Clearly the opposite is happening.
This man is putting so many “world leaders” to shame. Freaking legend already.I’m from Mexico and I’m 100% certain our actual president would never behave this bravely, even if he was younger. Pretty certain that many people around the globe are wondering the same about their heads of State.
[What do I need?](https://c.tenor.com/eJEnnBN0-AYAAAAC/halo-master-chief.gif)In all seriousness, Zelensky gets it.  If you're going to ask others to fight and die for your country, you have to be willing to put yourself in harms way just as much as they do.  Lead from the front, not the rear.Looking at you, Pussy Putin.
"Hackers all around the world: target Russia in the name of #Anonymous let them know we do not forgive, we do not forget. Anonymous owns fascists, always," the group tweeted.good job guys!plz donate to Canadian Red Cross for Ukraine support. Canadian gouv match your donation dollar for dollar.I donated: https://i.imgur.com/iMa1nXe.pnghttps://old.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/t1dooq/canada_will_match_individual_donations_to_red/Our thought, our songWill not die, will not perish…Oh there, people, is our glory,Glory of Ukraine!Direct link to support UA Army: https://bank.gov.ua/en/news/all/natsionalniy-bank-vidkriv-spetsrahunok-dlya-zboru-koshtiv-na-potrebi-armiyihttps://old.reddit.com/r/volunteersForUkraine/
Honestly Russia is succeeding in one thing right now, uniting a lot of the world against them.  Truly a bold approach
Never did I think that the Taliban, Anonymous, and Pornhub would join forces to fight a common enemy, but here we are.
How sweet would it be for Russia to end the war due to cyber security issues and hacking
Doesn’t look like passwords but rather encrypted/hashed passwords although some are in brackets in plain text.But this part is interesting (although appears false):Even Pornhub had its say by blocking Russian users and greeting them with the Ukrainian flag and a message of support.
Thanks anonymous keep up the good work
So where can I find the files?
Gotta love seeing random internet nerds screwing over a rotten government :)
Would be really good if they could seize control over russian media and post something other than Putin's propaganda. Not sure it's possible though
Any chance anonymous has access to Putins tea kettle?
&gt;Russia will be disconnected from the international payment system SWIFT. The official decision has not yet been formalized, but technical preparations for the adoption and implementation of this step have already begun, said Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba on his Facebook page.  &gt;  &gt;"We gnawed and gnawed and gnawed at it. All Ukrainian diplomacy worked – from the President of Ukraine to the attaché in the Ukrainian embassy. Ukrainian diplomats dedicate this victory to all defenders of Ukraine," Kuleba wrote.  &gt;  &gt;Sources close to negotiation process on the policy of sanctions told the Ukrainian news outlet LB.ua that after the consent of Hungary and Cyprus, only the position of Germany was preventing the disconnection of Russia from SWIFT. Such step requires the consent of all EU member states. The Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty's editor, Rikard Jozwiak,  has reported that Germany has also given its consent.  &gt;  &gt;SWIFT, which stands for Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunications, is controlled by the National Bank of Belgium and central banks from the US, UK, EU, Japan, Russia, China and others. It delivers secure messages to more than 11,000 financial institutions and companies in more than 200 countries and territories.  &gt;  &gt;Only one country was removed from SWIFT in its history. in 2012, Iran was blocked from SWIFT as part of a series of measures aimed at curbing the Islamic Republic's nuclear program.  &gt;  &gt;Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky expressed hope that Germany and Hungary would have the courage to support the decision to disconnect Russia from SWIFT.  &gt;  &gt;"The blood of innocent Ukrainian men, women and children will be on the hands of those who will block Russia's disconnection from SWIFT," Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said earlier. He also called on the world community to completely isolate Russia, expel ambassadors, impose an oil embargo and destroy the aggressor's economy.
The Oligarchs should have put their rabid dog down long ago. Now they will pay for him
Finally. Without money, logistics will start to fail.
[deleted]
If this goes through, it may well be one of the only truly effective sanctions in an immediate sense.
Should be quite a price on the shoulders of EU economy, but negligible in comparison with the price of frontal conflict with Putin left unchecked on the path to the annexation of post 97 NATO countries.
Fucking RIP Putin. This is going to piss a lot of people in Russia off.
Glory to Ukraine! Putin will meet his end!
On one hand, I realize there are plenty of Russian citizens who want nothing to do with this war, and I hate to think of the challenges they will face as a result of all that has occurred.On the other hand...I'd be lying if I said I wasn't thrilled to see so much unanimous hostility towards Vladimir Putin. He and his throngs of loyalists have needed to face consequences for far too long.
Putin is currently destroying two nations, ruining his reputation, making enemies with everyone and destroying his life. Meanwhile, the west has come closer together and more nations want to join NATO. It’s amazing how much he has fucked up in his attempt to bring back the soviet union.
Users often report submissions from this site and ask us to ban it for sensationalized articles. At /r/worldnews, we oppose blanket banning any news source. Readers have a responsibility to be skeptical, check sources, and comment on any flaws.You can help improve this thread by linking to media that verifies or questions this article's claims. Your link could help readers better understand this issue. If you do find evidence that this article or its title are false or misleading, contact the moderators who will review it*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/worldnews) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Here’s to hoping he makes it out of this mess alive and well.
"Stop sending people to kill me. If you don't stop sending people to kill me, I'll send one to Moscow, and I won't have to send another."-Josip Tito to STALIN
Please survive them all.
That dudes poor wife must losing her mind right now. For as much as he is a bad ass and we are all witnessing an absolute legend of a human being, those close to him must be in absolute agony at the risk of this situation.    God speed to him and may he, his family, and the people of Ukraine make it through this nightmare.
This dude looks like he hasn’t slept for longer than 30 minutes at any point during the last 4 days. He is inspiring a ton of people right now whether they know it or not.
Will no one rid us of this meddlesome Russian president?
[deleted]
wait, so Putin's excuse is that they're trying to "denazify" Ukraine, but sends in the neo-nazi Wagner group to assassinate Zelensky?  Putin is truly a madman
Trying to kill Zelenskyy is really fucking stupid. The guy is universally loved right now, both in Ukraine and internationally, both by the general public and politicians, and they think taking him out at the height of all his heroism is going to make things better for Russia? In any way, shape or form?
Pretty simply: When it was Macron vs. someone else, the voters liked the general idea of "someone else."But when it became Macron vs. Le Pen, voters hated the idea of Le Pen.
The whole of Finland just let out a collective sigh of relief.
Thank fucking god
It wasn't fun to vote for him today but I'm glad we set our differences aside and did our duty towards France and Europe. I wasn't expecting as high a score actually
Status update: Existential dread decreases by 10%
Thank god for that, we did not need that Putin backed lunatic at the helm.
Thank you France. 🇫🇷
As a Finnish person all i can say is thank you France!
Oh thank god. Macron is maybe not a perfect president, but he is SO MUCH BETTER than Le Pen. Now here's to a better second term.
Putin will be disappointed.
This ought to be interesting. It's one thing for an attorney general of a red state to try to sue a blue state for this, it's another to try and stop a whole 'nother country.
MA governor signed an EO minutes after the Supreme Court decision which protects the right to abortion in Mass and also prevents any government agency in the state from cooperating with other states' investigations into anybody who travels to Mass for reproductive health care procedures such as abortions.I keep posting this lately but I figure getting out info of safe places is important right now.
Politicians who voted for this and their pregnant kids will be first in line for this
Somehow I missed "Underground Railroad" on my 21st century Bingo card
Minnesota will also still be a safe hub for people seeking abortion care. Unfortunately - I fear that they will be severely overwhelmed by their surrounding states. SD, ND, NE, IA and WI are all extremely likely or have already enacted legislation to make abortion care illegal.This influx of patients will further backlog appointment scheduling, not to mention patients will be having to work much harder to arrange traveling further distances.
Handmaid's Tale prequel
Nice sentiment, but most of the states passing these laws are on the other side of the country. It’s gonna be more convenient for them to go to another state.
Yeah, rich people can go wherever they want to get their abortions. The issue is the poor people and the underprivileged.
“I went camping in Canada for a couple weeks”
“I was just visiting Niagara Falls, I swear!”
“They include a human trafficker in the Philippines, a Hong Kong stock exchange boss jailed for bribery, a billionaire who ordered the murder of his Lebanese pop star girlfriend and executives who looted Venezuela’s state oil company, as well as corrupt politicians from Egypt to Ukraine.”Noah, get the boat. How fucking depressing.
Swiss bankers protecting criminals for their own profit?  Unheard of.  Next you'll be blaming bankers in The Caymans or Panama.
“Taken out of context” my ass. Any of the content listed, no matter in what context, shows the bank’s support for criminals.Edit: Thank you for the award(s)!
As my dear old father always said...the higher you go, the lower it gets.
Panama Papers, Paradise Papers, Pandora Papers, and at the end of the day nothing changes. The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
I wouldn't be surprised if Hitler still had a bank account somewhere in Switzerland
Anyone remember when HSBC got caught laundering cartel money?  They paid 2 billion in fines then back to business as usual. The banks are your enemy.  They produce nothing but debt.
How Switzerland claims to be neutral yet looks the other way as the spoils, lucre, bounty, and Ill gotten gains of the tortured and ravaged victims of war and dictators washes through their financial system is reprehensible. It's shameful and they should be held to accountIn fact they don't even look the other way. They actively encourage the lodging of these stolen funds into their financial system. Despicable.
Another one to throw in. Member that time Don Johnson was stopped at the German / Swiss border with 8 billion in bonds and securities?
Can we just shut Credit Suisse down for once? How many scandals do we have to find out about this company EVERY YEAR.
