Think this is what brings liberals and conservatives together tbh.
It’s even worse because it’s doesn’t just affect a game; they are passing legislation that picks winners and losers in the economy, impacting millions of jobs all while potentially enriching themselves and causing misery for the population
Most companies have rules surrounding conflicts of interest as well...  Would get you fired for doing half of what Congress does.  Rules for thee but not for me!
This is one topic I really think there is mostly bipartisan support. We need to keep pushing this forward in a way where those on the left will run along with it and keep it relevant. Keep calling out both Republican and Democrat politicians for this!
This and term limits and honestly I think the only way we'd get either is if the law was written specifically for members of Congress who are in office at the time if the bills passing were exempt, honestly at this point I'd take it, we need to prevent anyone from spending 20+ years in Federal Office ever again.
Hi, I only lurk here because I’m not actually a conservative. I’m only subbed to see what other people are saying in their spaces. I just wanted to say though: this is universal. Liberals, anarchists, lefties, socialists, whatever, all the normal people on the left are so goddamn with this. Our political elites are robbing us blind and we need broad cooperation to act on the things we all know need to be done. This being one of the first one.(Edit: by normal I mean not rich or powerful)
Fact Check: True
It's wild how much this is agreed upon by the people but Congress's won't budge. Both sides of the aisle need ti demand accountability from their leaders on thism
[deleted]
Hi, leftist here, I can say we totally agree with you, we need to end representative stock trading and corporate bribery. Politicians are putting their financial ventures over the interests of the people that they are elected to represent. It’s criminal and it has to stop.
It’s really reassuring to see liberals and conservatives coming together as one to shit on these cowards for not acting to save those poor kids when they needed it most.
What's the point of giving police massive budgets, weapons, tactical gear and no accountability if they aren't even willing to be the "good guy with a gun"
It is SO refreshing to see both sides of the aisle come together on this and straight up call out the sheer amount of cowardice.You joined the police force. You were told you may have to put your life on the line to save the innocent.And what did they do? Don their ridiculous amount of tactical gear and stand around outside screaming at parents as their children bled to death.Sickening.
These are the people you call with guns to help you
[removed]
Video of police standing around:https://twitter.com/StefSimanowitz/status/1529690631500611584?s=20“Let’s just rush in because the cops aren’t doing anything like they are supposed to,” said Javier Cazares, whose daughter was killed in the 40-minute #RobbElementary school massacre
Whoever made the order to stay out the building needs to lose their job and be sitting in jail
It's worse than that. Police prevented parents from going into the school to try to save their kids going as far as to taze and detain parents. Meanwhile multiple police officers went in to rescue their own children leaving the rest.
Can someone please explain this timeline to me? The shooter was in the building for 40 minutes… how quickly were parents notified of an active shooter? It must have been pretty immediate that they got that phone call.
Wait til everyone finds out about the cops that ran in to save their own children, then went back out to wait for a tactical team. Disgusting. #BlueLives I guess… Shameful!
Dr. King, American hero. 🙏🏼
What I would give to have this man among us today.
&gt; A true revolution of values will lay hand on the world order and say of war, "This way of settling differences is not just." This business of burning human beings with napalm, of filling our nation's homes with orphans and widows, of injecting poisonous drugs of hate into the veins of peoples normally humane, of sending men home from dark and bloody battlefields physically handicapped and psychologically deranged, cannot be reconciled with wisdom, justice, and love. A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death.[Beyond Vietnam -- A Time to Break Silence](https://www.americanrhetoric.com/speeches/mlkatimetobreaksilence.htm)Delivered 4 April 1967, Riverside Church, New York City
Judge a person by their character and actions, not the color of their skin.
“Again we have deluded ourselves into believing the myth that capitalism grew and prospered out of the Protestant ethic of hard work and sacrifices. Capitalism was built on the exploitation of black slaves and continues to thrive on the exploitation of the poor, both black and white, both here and abroad.”—The Three Evils speech, 1967“But it is not enough for me to stand before you tonight and condemn riots. It would be morally irresponsible for me to do that without, at the same time, condemning the contingent, intolerable conditions that exist in our society. These conditions are the things that cause individuals to feel that they have no other alternative than to engage in violent rebellions to get attention. And I must say tonight that a riot is the language of the unheard. And what is it America has failed to hear?...It has failed to hear that the promises of freedom and justice have not been met. And it has failed to hear that large segments of white society are more concerned about tranquility and the status quo than about justice and humanity."—  “The other America,” 1968“When machines and computers, profit motives and property rights are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, extreme materialism and militarism are incapable of being conquered.”—  “Revolution of values,” 1967“The problems of racial injustice and economic injustice cannot be solved without a radical redistribution of political and economic power.”— “The three evils of society,” 1967
RIP to one of the most influential men in US history, truly a revolutionary.
The man that wanted true equality not what the left is pushing now
MLK Born: January 15, 1929
This thread is fucking hilarious.
Y'all know he was socialist right.Edit: gold? You shouldn't have. I'm far more socialist than conservative.
I hope to god he did not do this. But i truly find it hard to believe the FBI would make such claims without legitimate evidence. Thats a ex us president not some kid in his moms basement.
Apparently a Grand Jury is being impaneled in DC.
“Espionage Act Violation”In the article it talks about how the specific clause they’re referring to has to do with gathering/removing classified documents, not corresponding with foreign countries in an attempt to give them classified information. In other words, no new information.
wow this sub is being brigaded like crazy
[removed]
I hope this is all legitimate and Trump actually committed a serious crime, otherwise it is clear that our democracy is gone. Now, every politician is going to "investigate" and jail their political opponents. We're going to be just like Russia.
This is just a test to see what will be downvoted. Joe Biden sucks. Other tests will follow.
Ron DeSantis becomes prez they will wish it was trump
[removed]
"Investigated"Ask twitter or reddit what that means, they'll say "he's been proven guilty"Dumbasses. Every one of them.
Tired of reporting this thread?  [Debate us on discord instead.](https://discord.com/invite/conservative)*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Accidentally conservative?
Isn't people accepting responsibility for their decisions the whole point?
Did they think we would disagree?
Great bill, totally agree with it's idea.  Why do liberals think conservatives would find the idea of accountability bad?
Imagine a politician finding out the very definition of a family.
Excellent bill sir.
That's just an extra nine months of child support added on to 18 years, to be honest.
This is already codified in the courts. I fail to see how this adds anything
As long as in the states that love abortions, men have the right NOT to pay child support.
“The fight is here. I need ammunition, not a ride”BASED
If you aren't willing to die for your country, you don't deserve to lead it. Very few leaders ever prove that they deserve to lead, but Zelensky is one of them.
Gator 🐊 don’t play no shit. Respect
Glory of Ukraine to have a Leader as he is, he already told the EU this might be the last you may see me. If he goes down, it will be finger on the trigger popping holes in Russians
Some Presidents aren't cowards.
Good. Give them hell Ukraine.
A hero for the history books 🇺🇦
My respect for him has gone really high. 🇺🇦
A real Captain always goes down with his ship.
May God protect this man.
[deleted]
We see the passion a young president can bring to the job in Ukraine right now. I'm for a younger field of candidates.
Yes, Trump did some good things during his time in office. Tax cuts. Solid judges. Calling out China for the fraudster that it is. Waking people up to the criminal racket that is the mainstream media.That said, the man just cannot stop being his own worst enemy. He'd still be in office today, had he not had a Twitter account. Whether we want to admit it or not, the guy is damaged goods, and kryptonite in a general election. We CANNOT win with rural whites alone. We need a good number of suburban, college educated voters to show up. Not to mention that he would be 78 in 2024, the same age that Biden was when he entered office. I think the criticism of Biden's declining mental faculties is accurate, but if we nominate another near-octogenarian (when there are far younger options), do we really have any room to talk? Can you imagine the youthful DeSantis running circles around Biden in a debate?Let's be smart about this, people.
I only want someone who promises to reduce federal government at every level. We must strip our government down to the bare basics and get them out of our lives. Trump didn't do it. Give me someone else.
There are only a few that would fit this. DeSantis, Kristi Noem and a couple I can't remember off the top of my head.
I think trump is just ramping up and as it gets closer will say nah I’m to old but here is who I back. Need a cut off for presidents, 65 should be the max age you can be sworn in.
DeSantis would get my vote over Trump, I think. But I can’t think of anyone else. I love Trump but I’m afraid his ego is preventing him from setting up a torch-bearer for MAGA as he’s aging out.
DeSantis 2024!  Please.   Please not Trump again.  I voted for him twice, but I'd MUCH rather see DeSantis.  Trump will only serve to divide people even more.  The left believe he is literally Hitler, so they feel they can justify crazy shit to bring him down.www.2000mules.com
We need age limits. Mandatory retirement.  Something.
Anyone needs an argument for lower aged political leaders, look at how antiquated some of our laws are simply because of the “this is how we’ve always done it” mindset of the 60-80 year olds clogging up the legislative and other branches. They have no concept of the current world or American society because the last time they lived in it was forty fuckin years ago.
Didn't Twitter ban the account that was tracking Pelosi's investments?Pretty nice when the 4th ~~estate~~ branch of gub'mint is covering for you.
The IRS, FBI and SEC should freeze all of their assets until it's proven no crime was committed just like cops would do to a suspected drug dealer.
I mean mitch McConnell and Pelosi are in the top 3 of gainers in the senate/congress.I think both sides should be in prison for insider trading.
Nothing will be done.
Not surprised, given that when the bigger pushes for electric vehicles for the federal govt use was going on. She bought up tesla stock. Shocker, she's profiting from her position, oh wait, didn't that use to be called insider trading? But all these good people in congress are for you, they would never be about money \*insert sarcasm\*
How do I sign up to have him be my money manager? The guy only picks winners (except for Nancy.)
Defund The Pelosi
If it makes you guys feel any better, the left thinks this is BS too. Even AOC is calling her out. When I worked as a small-town journalist, I had restrictions on how I could buy stocks. The idea that someone who has that level of insight and forwarning about the market has fewer restrictions than I did is absolutely insane. I've also read about other politicians who would take "consultancy" meetings with investors and while they couldn't say "buy this stock" or "sell now" they could "consult" the investor on a difficult decision they were weighing and which way they were leaning. The investors of course all happened to be big donors. Of course, they're never going to vote for more restrictions on themselves, in the same way, they're never going to vote to give themselves a massive pay cut. The only thing you can really do is vote for someone else, which they're well aware the vast majority of people will never do because they've made sure to demonize the other side to the point that voting against your party is completely unthinkable.
De blasio is arguably the greatest real estate investor of all time Never had a real job, no inherited wealth and is a multimillionaire off of real estate investments
You would think they could figure out America's finances....
Tired of reporting this thread?  [Debate us on discord instead.](https://discord.com/invite/conservative)*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/Conservative) if you have any questions or concerns.*
regardless of your political stance its a bad situation when people are going to die.  I have lots of cool Ukrainian friends from my childhood.  Super hard working and fiercely nationalistic.  Ukraine won't break overnight.
Sources confirm multiple large explosions have been witnessed in Kramatorsk. This is it. The invasion has begun
Fuck Putin. Murderous piece of shit. And fuck everyone who still defends him after this.
Taiwan is likely next.
Watch China now
China is loving this.
Are you guys listening to Putin's speech? Holy shit. This could compete with anything Hitler put out. He's directly threatened a world war. He just insulted the US. This is scary shit. The outright communism in this speech is telling. Putin is painting himself as the hero that swooped in and saved Ukraine from rising "neo-nazi forces".
Where are all the shills who insisted Russia wasn't going to invade?
I’ve just seen a couple of hours ago a video of an Ukrainian old lady claiming that she will fight if she has to and that she’s not afraid to dieThis feels very surreal and heartbreaking
Hey guys, as a lefty, I think this is the moment of unity we need to wrap around and keep pushing.  We can't let them get away with this no matter what comes after their name on the ballot.  I've seen this on the left subs, libertarian, and now here.Crank the pressure and keep it up!Edit:  I'm glad we can work together on this.  I just emailed my senators and representative, and hope you all will as well!
Truth. They should also actually be public servants. Not “leaders”
Maybe they could sell their artwork instead.
I remember this was something AOC and Ted Cruz agreed on, this should be easier to stop imho.
I say you can't purchase anything other than total market funds while in office. As Congress, you should only gain from the whole market doing well.The bigger issue is how to prevent relatives from being part of the corruption or using them to make money for you. I don't know how to prevent that and be fair.
Left as fuck here, they know we all agree on this guys, they try to divide us to avoid losing their ability to cheat to make money. Let’s hold our government accountable for the one thing we can all agree is wrong.
It's a legitimately bipartisan issue with both the voters and the politicians. Unfortunately, the voters and politicians are on opposite sides of it.
1. Ban on trading for lawmaker and family. 2. Term limits for lawmakers. 3. Age limit of 65 on POTUS and VP.
Both sides agree to this and that Pelosi is garbage.
* Delayed trades. They have to schedule their trade and it be public for a week so that the public can also enter that trade.* Limited to US market indexes and US treasury bills/notes/bonds.* No futures, options, other derivatives. If you are a US lawmaker you can only bet on the US going up.
